Update CHANGELOG.md for region_backend_service (#3535)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

ENHANCEMENTS:
* dataflow: `google_dataflow_job`'s `network` and `subnetwork` can be configured. [GH-3476]
* monitoring: `google_monitoring_alert_policy` `user_labels` support was added. [GH-3494]

> * compute: `google_compute_region_backend_service` is now generated with Magic Modules, adding configurable timeouts, multiple import formats, `creation_timestamp` output. ([#3521](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google/pull/3521))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: `google_compute_region_backend_service` is now generated with Magic Modules, adding configurable timeouts, multiple import formats, `creation_timestamp` output. [GH-3521]
```

Reviewer: Not actionable, but you can do this in the future to be lazy. https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google/blob/master/scripts/changelog-links.sh will expand it at release time.
